well isn't your first time playing half
human half robot surprisingly no yeah
and that's something that you've done it
twice at your young age okay yeah and
you feel that you have a feel for it now
yeah I sort of get how to be human and
then sometimes not human so I feel like
those two skills really intersect you
know speaking of that we were just
talking about Arnold Schwarzenegger who
is your co-star yeah movie that you
would you watch these Terminator movies
like as younger as a kid I mean they
would be old even when you're a kid but
wasn't exposed to them by my parents but
I was more of a sort of junior fan I see
more of a Twins gal Oh Junior the movie
oh I see okay yeah Junior so you knew
him from like these comedies not really
the action movies that most people know
him from that's true yeah and when you
met Arnold didn't he do anything weird
because it seems like that's the thing
was he squatting or anything like that
but spotting
no he's really lovely he was like really
really warm and encouraging and he he
quotes himself a lot which I thought is
just like the most endearing quality
like really good catch phrases yeah yeah
like What did he say well he kept well
I'm so again I'm more familiar with
junior so I missed a lot of the
references but I would would be talking
about something and I was like there is
no chopper why is everybody talking
about getting to the top I still am not
sure where that's from but I understand
from context clues he would yell that
just randomly throughout the day well
not throughout the day but like at the
end of a scene to celebrate I see just
to get everybody fired up Wow
yeah that's fun when it is fun when some
of these people you would think might
possibly be tired of saying this stuff
there are a lot of celebrities become
known for like saying something and then
and then they won't say it at all yeah
he'll never stop saying it he does not
he's constant he says it really at the
end of every second you bow at the
beginning of this movie and you know
this is not news to you you get you drop
out of the sky naked yeah
you're just fighting just like fighting
naked and I was watching it and
wondering mm-hmm what it's like to fight
naked it's cool is it yeah it's cool
because you can't get tripped up with
anything so you just sort of really
understand your limitations and I don't
know there's a lot of adrenaline about
being naked in front of people yes sort
of affects the weight of your punches
does it it cetera
yeah yeah I did some stupid thing once
where I was like just walking around in
my underpants in front of my staff kind
of weirdly pleasurable and they like not
at all yeah they didn't like it but it
was funny because like we take a break
and I put on a robe I was like and then
I'd have to take off the robe and again
I'd feel self-conscious like alright
enough with the ones it is I feel like I
was saying this because they'd be like
oh do you want this sort of disgusting
underwear to wear and I think it's like
trusting a turkey or something like it's
so much nicer to just be nude and not to
sort of embellish it and with these
weird lines and right sort of you know
really enjoy it and not go for the
modesty it embraces just listen I am 98%
naked anyway we might as well go all the
way just do it yeah let's have your
parents seen the film yet they haven't
we were supposed to have our premiere on
Monday but it was cancelled all right
because of the fires fires and so they
haven't seen it but you know I want them
to pay for it anyways oh yeah did you
know like what you were signing up for
were entirely with this movie or did
they keep it a secret
did you how much do you know going in
there are a lot of surprises but I mean
I I knew some of it Tim's really
generous with like the pre
visualizations of your character and
some of the stunts tim is the director
Miller and yeah so he'd shown me some of
it I knew stunts that I was gonna do I
didn't know just what it is like to work
out that much when you say
visualizations do they shoot something
or do they do a motion capture and it's
prior to casting so they have like a
version of your character who they think
she may look like mine was cast as
Channing Tatum and it was do you mean so
I don't have anything to show you but it
was I call him Channing and it was just
it looked like Channing Tatum doing all
of my work so anytime we'd go over the
work for the day there'd be like
beautiful Linda they know what she looks
like no problem
Natalia looked really similar to her
character and then mine was this like
big but like Channing Tatum type so it
was just good it felt like a group it's
very strange also very strange you
brought something you did a little bit
of art as well now before I show this
because I'm interested in a explain what
what we're going to see here well I on
the very first day of filming I was on
set it was this big outdoor crowd scene
that was supposed to look like Mexico
City in Madrid and I didn't really have
anything to do I was just sort of in the
background that day and I was looking
through the crowd and I saw this
enormous man in this sort of tan
oversized suit and then next to him this
very small round man in this oversized
hand suit and I thought that for me or
for everybody the costume designers and
the sort of background performer
organizers had this twins Easter egg in
the movie that which if you're not
familiar is an Arnold Schwarzenegger and
Danny DeVito movie with the tall and it
everyone knows yeah you all know yeah
because be puzzled now yeah so there are
these two people these two people I
again did not have a lot to do that day
then so I spent most the day trying to
get a picture of them but they were also
really elusive like they knew their
power and we're leading me on a little
so I never got a picture of them but I
told your producer yesterday the story
and she emailed me this morning to ask
if I had a picture nice right no let me
sketch mine up quickly and this was my
second try so this is the second try you
sing yeah what did the first try look
like
[Applause]
that's Arnold
well that's deny and then that's Danny
DeVito he doesn't have any shoes they
were all right doesn't even have any
feet never my cheese yeah so you would
make a wonderful police sketch artist I
think they'd never catch anybody capture
something really special here well thank
you for bringing this do you mind if I
keep this from my home yeah you can help
oh thank you very much it's very the
movies called Terminator dark faith it
opens in theaters on Friday Mackenzie
Davis everybody hi I'm Judy Kimmel I
hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos